Restructure Procedures page and add new Details tables (#1820)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/procedures.adoc

====

== Authentication and authorization

For more information, see xref:authentication-authorization/index.adoc[Authentication and authorization].

[role=label--enterprise-edition label--admin-only]
[[procedure_dbms_security_clearauthcache]]
=== dbms.security.clearAuthCache()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| dbms.security.clearAuthCache()
| *Description* 3+a| Clears authentication and authorization cache.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

[[procedure_dbms_showcurrentuser]]
=== dbms.showCurrentUser()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| dbms.showCurrentUser() :: (username, roles, flags)
| *Description* 3+a| Show the current user.
.4+| *Return arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `username` | `STRING` | The name of the current user.
| `roles` | `LIST<STRING>` | The roles assigned to the current user.
| `flags` | `LIST<STRING>` | The flags set on the current user.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

== Background job management

For more information, see xref:monitoring/background-jobs.adoc[].

[[procedure_dbms_scheduler_failedjobs]]
[role=label--enterprise-edition label--admin-only]

> === dbms.scheduler.failedJobs()

Reviewer: **Consider** using the Enterprise tag consistently. In this section each procedure is marked. In other sections, only the header is marked.

| *Description* 3+a| List all jobs that are active in the database internal job scheduler.
.12+| *Return arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `jobId` | `STRING` | The id of the job.
| `group` | `STRING` | The category of the job.
| `submitted` | `STRING` | The submission time of the job.
| `database` | `STRING` | The name of the database the job is in.
| `submitter` | `STRING` | The creator of the job.
| `description` | `STRING` | Information about the job.
| `type` | `STRING` | The interval of the job.
| `scheduledAt` | `STRING` | The start time of the job.
| `period` | `STRING` | The interval for jobs run periodically.
| `state` | `STRING` | The state of the job: ('EXECUTING', 'SCHEDULED').
| `currentStateDescription` | `STRING` | A description of the job state.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

[NOTE]
====
This procedure is not considered safe to run from multiple threads.
It is therefore not supported by the parallel runtime (introduced in Neo4j 5.13).
For more information, see the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/{page-version}/planning-and-tuning/runtimes/concepts#runtimes-parallel-runtime[Cypher Manual -> Parallel runtime].
====

> == Change Data Capture (CDC)

Reviewer: **Consider** noting that that CDC is Enterprise only.

| `indexName` | `STRING` | The name of the index.
| *Mode* 3+| READ
|===

[NOTE]
====
This procedure is not considered safe to run from multiple threads.
It is therefore not supported by the parallel runtime (introduced in Neo4j 5.13).
For more information, see the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/{page-version}/planning-and-tuning/runtimes/concepts#runtimes-parallel-runtime[Cypher Manual -> Parallel runtime].
====

[[procedure_db_resampleoutdatedindexes]]
=== db.resampleOutdatedIndexes()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| db.resampleOutdatedIndexes()
| *Description* 3+a| Schedule resampling of all outdated indexes.
| *Mode* 3+| READ
|===

[NOTE]
====
This procedure is not considered safe to run from multiple threads.
It is therefore not supported by the parallel runtime (introduced in Neo4j 5.13).
For more information, see the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/{page-version}/planning-and-tuning/runtimes/concepts#runtimes-parallel-runtime[Cypher Manual -> Parallel runtime].
====

== Metrics

[[procedure_dbms_queryjmx]]
=== dbms.queryJmx()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| dbms.queryJmx(query) :: (name, description, attributes)

> | *Description* 3+a| Query JMX management data by domain and name. For instance, use `*:*` to find all JMX beans.

Reviewer: **Consider** addressing that `*:*` is rendered as `:`.

.4+| *Return arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `section` | `STRING` | The stopped section.
| `success` | `BOOLEAN` | Whether the section was successfully stopped.
| `message` | `STRING` | Details about the outcome of the procedure.
| *Mode* 3+| READ
|===

== Transaction management

[[procedure_tx_getmetadata]]
=== tx.getMetaData()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| tx.getMetaData() :: (metadata)
| *Description* 3+a| Provides attached transaction metadata.
.2+| *Return arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `metadata` | `MAP` | Metadata about the transaction.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

[[procedure_tx_setmetadata]]
=== tx.setMetaData()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| tx.setMetaData(data)
| *Description* 3+a| Attaches a map of data to the transaction. The data will be printed when listing queries, and inserted into the query log.
.2+| *Input arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `data` | `MAP` | Metadata to attach to the transaction.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

[[deprecated-procedures]]
== List of deprecated procedures

Neo4j 5 contains several deprecated procedures.
These procedures have been replaced either by Cypher commands or different procedures.

> The procedures deprecated in Neo4j 5 will be removed in Neo4j 6.

Author: @renetapopova

```suggestion
The procedures deprecated in Neo4j 5 will be removed in the next major release of Neo4j.
```

| `mode-constraint` | `STRING` | The instance mode constraint of the server.
| `port-name` | `STRING` | The name of the checked port.
| `port-address` | `STRING` | The address of the checked port.
| `result` | `STRING` | Whether the check was successful or not.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

[role=label--enterprise-edition]
[[procedure_dbms_cluster_cordonServer]]
=== dbms.cluster.cordonServer()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| dbms.cluster.cordonServer(server)
| *Description* 3+a| Mark a server in the topology as not suitable for new allocations. It will not force current allocations off the server. This is useful when deallocating databases when you have multiple unavailable servers.
.2+| *Input arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `server` | `STRING` | The name or id of the server to be cordoned.
| *Mode* 3+| WRITE
|*Required provileges* 3+| `SERVER MANAGEMENT`
|===

[NOTE]
====
Before Neo4j 5.23, the procedure `dbms.cluster.cordonServer()` can be run only by users with `Admin` privileges.
Since Neo4j 5.23, it can be run with the `SERVER MANAGEMENT` privilege.
It will still run with the `Admin` privilege, but that should be considered deprecated.
====

> [role=label--enterprise-edition label--new-5.26 ]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role=label--enterprise-edition label--new-5.26 label--admin-only]
```

| *Description* 3+a| Stop data collection of a given data section. Valid sections are 'QUERIES'
.2+| *Input arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `section` | `STRING` | Specify 'QUERIES'.
.4+| *Return arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `section` | `STRING` | The stopped section.
| `success` | `BOOLEAN` | Whether the section was successfully stopped.
| `message` | `STRING` | Details about the outcome of the procedure.
| *Mode* 3+| READ
|===

== Transaction management

[[procedure_tx_getmetadata]]
=== tx.getMetaData()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| tx.getMetaData() :: (metadata)
| *Description* 3+a| Provides attached transaction metadata.
.2+| *Return arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `metadata` | `MAP` | Metadata about the transaction.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

[[procedure_tx_setmetadata]]
=== tx.setMetaData()

.Details
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| tx.setMetaData(data)
| *Description* 3+a| Attaches a map of data to the transaction. The data will be printed when listing queries, and inserted into the query log.
.2+| *Input arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*
| `data` | `MAP` | Metadata to attach to the transaction.
| *Mode* 3+| DBMS
|===

> 

Reviewer 2: So, now we don't have a table with all active procedures, do we? We have only 2 tables with removed and deprecated procedures respectively?

Reviewer 3: Yes, that's correct. We have all procedures + deprecated and removed in case users are interested in what's deprecated in particular.

Reviewer 2: I might be wrong but our test reports two views: summary (for a table) and detailed (for a list of procedures with descr)
So, now it fails because the table was removed

| *Required provileges* 3+| `SERVER MANAGEMENT`
|===

> [role=label--enterprise-edition label--new-5.23]

Reviewer 2: Why do you remove this procedure?

Reviewer 2: I can see it in the code https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/blob/5.26/private/enterprise/neo4j-dbms/src/main/java/com/neo4j/dbms/systemgraph/TopologyGraphProcedures.java#L214

Or I'm missing something?

Reviewer 3: Oh, sorry, I thought it duplicated `dbms.cluster.deallocateDatabaseFromServer`.

Reviewer 3: There is an odd failure, which I was trying to solve. I'll put it back.
